Marcio/stream live - pcx-2698 (#2415)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/stream/src/content/stream-live/simulcasting.md

---
order: 8
pcx-content-type: tutorial
---

# Simulcasting

Simulcasting lets you forward your live stream to third-party platforms such as YouTube Live and Facebook Live. To begin simulcasting, select an input and add one or more Outputs:

![Begin simulcasting](./simulcasting.png)

> ## Add an Output using the API

Reviewer: In the next section you use "output" (in lower case). Can we always use the lowercased version of "output"?

> Add an Output to start retransmitting live video. You can add or remove Outputs at any time during a broadcast to start and stop retransmitting.

Reviewer: Also "Output" > "output" and "Outputs" > "outputs".

```bash
curl -X POST \

> --data '{"url": "rtmp://a.rtmp.youtube.com/live2","streamKey": "<redacted>"}' \

Reviewer: I usually keep the JSON data as the last argument of a `curl` call (just a note for later).

-H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \
https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT/stream/live_inputs/$INPUT_UID/outputs
```

​Example response:

```json
{
  "result": {
    "uid": "6f8339ed45fe87daa8e7f0fe4e4ef776",
    "url": "rtmp://a.rtmp.youtube.com/live2",
    "streamKey": "<redacted>"
  },
  "success": true,
  "errors": [],
  "messages": []
}
```

## Managing outputs

To get a list of outputs, call the `/outputs` endpoint:

```bash
curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \ https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT/stream/live_inputs/$INPUT_UID/outputs
```

> To delete an output, make a `DELETE` request to the /output endpoint with the output id:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete an output, make a `DELETE` request to the `/outputs` endpoint with the output id:
```
Is it output id or output **UID**, like it appears in the endpoint a few lines below? The same question for `INPUT_UID`.

```bash
curl -X DELETE \ -H "Authorization: Bearer $TOKEN" \https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4/accounts/$ACCOUNT/stream/live_inputs/$INPUT_UID/outputs/$OUTPUT_UID
```

> Note that if the associated live input is already retransmitting to this output when delete is called, that output will be disconnected within 30 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the associated live input is already retransmitting to this output when you make the `DELETE` request, that output will be disconnected within 30 seconds.
```
